hi guys my name is Rebecca Gorton singer
songwriter I just had my makeup done by
the beautiful OTS Beauty please make
sure you subscribe to this channel and
thank you for watching
welcome back guys in today's video we're
just gonna focus on the eyes and the
lips taking Urban Decay's prep and
primal ocean I'm just gonna put that all
over the lids sometimes I sometimes I
also think and question every little now
in Las Vegas 77 Joel island just for the
place that all in the areas that I want
to be the darkest
this stormy weather sensors in brown
script by Mac I'm just going to blend
the whole of the case just a one-time
this stage doesn't really need to be
neat because we're still gonna go it'll
blend again the same now with Mac's
carbon you can use any black I'm just
going to press that onto all the areas
where I've had to picking black gel
liner remember guys to gently press it
on as we do that want the color to
smudge or rub onto the face
[Music]
it's anime now just taking a bit of that
Brown script again and just blend it
into the crease again with a clean
fluffy brush I'm just gonna blend out
any harsh lines
sometimes all about opinions app for me
and this is initials me
my gosh I love transparent like my
shadow I wanna be guys remember it's
very important to set your brother
that's just wonder what and please bear
with me in this video I have a really
bad cold but I was determined to upload
this video today so bear with me
[Music]
just gonna go in and identify that
Connor a tad bit more because I'm extra
and adding a tiny bit more of carbon
onto the island remember to blend blend
flip now again is that inspiring place
red chair means number five - three
lashes on top of that now just going in
and doing the foundation highlight
contour I'm gonna add the blusher I'm
gonna do this very very quickly I will
be doing another video which
concentrates on highlight contour
foundation routine and also eyebrows to
do barely
[Music]
sometimes I sometimes I also think and
question everything
now just gonna prime the lips and going
in with Mac's chestnut lip line I'm just
gonna outline the lips and the areas
around the place tonight
the stormy weather seems to help me like
I've constantly been chasing away
just a wonder why do I care the same
time I look for the light though I'm
scared of being the fear of being wrong
feels right it's a puppy with that I'm
now gonna go with Inglot so number six
i'm number 20 for lipstick blending the
two colors together and also blending in
the liner it's very important to make
sure you blend the liner as we do not
want any harsh lines it's also important
to use liner when using a nude lipstick
as sometimes it might be a bit too harsh
Advisors sometimes sometimes I worry
about opinions and for me in this
position
my gosh I love Samara like my shadow I
wanna be
I'm gonna be a winner if I pray to God
like I'm a listener
that's just a wonder why do I close my
eyes this ain't now we're just gonna add
any paragraphs on top of the lips for
this video I'm using Mac's tables and
I'm just gonna place that all over the
lips of the lips can pop and voila we're
done hope you love the look guys thank
you so much for watching please don't
forget to Like subscribe
they can't go to control me